## I can Babel Macros (and So Can You!)

Babel macros are a new way to solve DX and UX tradeoffs by
metaprogramming to write code the way that is best for you while
delivering code that is best for the user. Case in point: JSX - but
why stop there? In this talk we explore how I wrote babel-blade to
solve the double declaration problem in clientside GraphQL libraries,
and how to get started writing your first babel macro!

## The Dawn of Hybrid Site Generators

There is a sea change afoot in the worlds of frontend frameworks and
static site generators: the two have gotten married! React has Gatsby
and React-Static, Vue has VuePress, even Svelte has Sapper. Whatâ€™s
going on? In this talk we explore how the UX bar has been raised for
making fast, full-featured sites on the JAMStack, and how new tools
are meeting that bar!

## JS at the Edge of the World

Want to live life on the Edge? Lambda functions open a world of
possibilities for running on-demand, server-side code without having
to run a dedicated server. It's been 4 years - What have people been
using them for? In this talk we explore how people are pushing the
frontiers of serverless Node.js to do everything from making slackbots
to taking money for your next great side project!

## React Suspense For The Rest of Us

Even if you don't work with React, you're likely to have come across a
React dev super excited about the new Suspense feature in React. What
is it? Why are people so hyped? Should I care? This talk is an
introduction for anyone who feels out of the loop - walking through
the history of the idea and the general UI problems it solves (even
for React Native!). We will approach this in a framework-agnostic way,
so that you can see if the Suspense design pattern might make sense in
your next project!

## Reacting Ahead of Time

What's faster than O(1)? Step changes in performance and scalability
come from paradigm changes rather than incremental optimizations. The
inexorable march forward in "table stakes" product requirements has
forced developers to explore ways to push computation from client to
server, from runtime to buildtime, from fat SPAs to code-split
frameworks. Cutting edge UX is exploring how to prefetch and cache
resources intelligently, trading off memory usage for compute time.
Lastly, DX has also been pushed forward with fascinating ideas from
hot reloading to GraphQL. Where is all this taking us?

## Learning React in Public

Developers are used to the idea of constant learning, especially in
the fast moving Javascript ecosystem. But how often do we take a step
back from learning to consider -how- we learn? In this talk we explore
how Learning in Public can accelerate your career, bring value to your
professional network, and ultimately make you a better developer, with
examples all drawn from personal experience with React.

## Using the React DevTools Profiler at Netlify

How can the new React DevTools Profiler help you identify and fix
performance issues in your app? In this lightning talk we go through a
real life example diving into the Netlify production app to solve
longstanding performance issues, and end with a quick checklist of
things you can try on your app!

## React Suspense Workers

React Suspense doesn't work without a caching layer, so every Suspense
library has built one - except in service workers! In this talk we go
through what React Suspense is, then explore a prototype of how
"Suspense Workers" could be useful in future Concurrent React apps.

## The Rise of Immer in React

Immer is one of the most successful open source launches in 2018, and
has found particular favor in the React community. What problems does
it solve, and why does it fit React's design principles so well?

## Atomic React Deploys

React's logo is an atom. The component philosophy encourages Atomic
design. What if our app deployments were atomic too? A backend that is
never out of sync with your frontend - pipe dream or reality?

## Better Docs with Docz

We all know good documentation is important for adoption and developer
experience - isn't it worth investing in tooling to make it easier?
Docz burst onto the scene this year as a fantastic new way to make
great documentation for your React libraries with MDX. Let's take it
out for a spin!
